Hello, freak bitches. And then he has a good time debunking things,
but he has an official story. Mentality is what I would call it.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> where no matter what,
like there's people that are objective and there's people that are debunkkerers
and he's a debunker and it doesn't necessarily mean he's wrong about a lot of
stuff,
but it does mean that he goes into things with the intention to debunk and the
intention to almost always gravitate towards an official store that almost.
Yeah, every single he, who would wonder if there' been a times he,
Lee Harvey Oswal.
Acted alone. Yeah. That's a goofy, come on, man. That one's.
Goofy.
He believes tower seven collapsed a free fall speed because of fires.
There's.
A lot of people that believe that. Unfortunately, I'm not a engineer.
I would like to know no whether or not it's possible to burn a building so bad
inside that it does collapse like that. It's impossible.
I don't know if that's true. It's it's no, no. It's it's it.
All you have to do is talk to engineers and architects. I've talked to them.
You could, you could, you.
Could talk of them.
That's the thing. There's no, there's no architects that it, uh,
outside of NT, a government agent agency,
there's no architects fighting for, uh, um,
to debunk the tower seven there's none and every, okay.
I don't know if that's true. You do. I don't know if you know that theres like,
but AR there's,
there's gotta be some architects and engineers that don't think that that
building fell because it was demolished.
Look. No. Well, if you understand how it's it,
there's about a hundred thousand architects and engineers in the associations,
like the American association of architects.
And there's about a hundred thousand and, uh, Richard gage,
he's one of them and he didn't know anything about, he thought it was a,
it wasn't an inside job. It took him years.
And then he didn't really know about tower seven.
Most of them don't know about tower seven, what he does now, he discovered it.
And what he does now is just go from, uh, convention to convention,
sitting 15 architects down at a time. And boom, about 99% of them,
they all believe it. They didn't even know there was a, a third tower.
It was not in the media that much. They basically.
Ignore that. That's crazy. I think by this time,
everybody knows about tower seven. They still don't know. Most.
People don't know. I think no, but they don't. You don't,
they don't talk about it on, on the mainstream media. How could anybody know.
People? People have talked about it enough online to the point don't think,
but now.
More than ever, but still now more than ever. Yes, they go.
They hear about that tower seven, but they don't really know the details.
They just kind of just know about it. You know?
Did you ever see the video that shows the full collapse,
which takes a lot longer? You see the, the first collapse,
it was the top of the thing falls into the center-hmm <affirmative> and it
that's the elevators.
It happens. Yeah. They explain architects and engineers. I've sat with them.
I'm a know structural engineer, but you tell common, what did they say to you?
This is what's. It's someone told you if someone told you, uh,
there's 85 columns that hold up tower seven mm-hmm <affirmative>.
And if someone told you of a structural engineer told you,
would you think he was crazy? Or would you believe him? If he said,
and it makes sense. I mean, it's common sense.
The only way you're gonna get a building to come down like that.
Any building any structure is you have to blow up all 80 columns at the same
time. Otherwise it won't go down like that. To me,
that's common sense to someone who believes N the government agency said, no,
that's not true.
One column went and then it spiraled out of can troll because of fires.
When you talk to structural engineers, I've had,
I've had Richard gauge on my podcast twice. Every time he comes back,
he gets more, he just piles on more. He goes, all I gotta do is sit him down.
They don't know. Nobody knows.
That's the truth. See, has he ever debated someone?
Who's like an opposing viewpoint? Nobody will debate.
A detector, structural engineer. Nobody's this is what.
He people would though. It's.
No, because when they look into it, it's common sense.
Anybody knows you have you.
So you think that they know that it's not true. They think,
they think that power tower seven was an inside job and they don't wanna debate
it. Cause they can't win. Do you really think they think that? No.
Say that again. So you think that people that are debunking it, so like, if you,
if he's got this opinion that there's.
No AR architects and engineers Debu, it, it that's already plugged into that.
That's already been, that's already been done and set, but there's gotta be.
Architects and engineers just disagree. Mm-m come on, man.
You don't think there's any people that.
Find a video of a real, not a government, a government agency.
Jamie. See if you can talk doesn't that.
But doesn't that make sense? What a makes sense of, of, of a,
an engineer told you a struck a dude who builds skyscrapers,
told you to your face, like I've been told in my face.
They said the only way that they, and you see it on video engineer,
after engineer, after engineer, are they all crazy?
The engineer engineer after engineer to go it's impossible.
When you look into it, it's impossible for a building to like that.
Unless all 80 columns are blown up at the same time.
We we've covered this, but here's things mean it's common sense. I don't,
I don't know anything about engineering.
I don't know if you have diesel fires that get outta control.
If it weakens the entire structure where it just collapses like that.
I don't know if.
Possible. Well, what, what would you, if you have,
you have guest all the time that are experts in fields that you' experts in.
But when you sit here.
I find out sometimes they're wrong too. Unfortunately, no, sometimes I,
I let a guy ramble about some stuff and then they find out that they're making
some of it up or that some of the on signs, this is like.
Does happen. No, but this, but an engineer, a guy who builds,
I understand this is right. Doesn't it make sense, Jamie?
Doesn't that make sense? Google.
Like, try to figure out like who resists architects and engineers?
Like what is it I'm reading right.
Now? An article from the Boston globe that talks about truth.
Theres nine 11 and Richard gauges talked about.
And I think they they're gonna hold on.
Don't just talk. They might have interviewed him in.
Then I'm trying to figure out what they see, what they're talking about.
There's gotta be some there's campaigns that have had a conversation or a debate
with someone I, someone what i'm''t couldn't possibly have fallen any other way.
Okay.
Okay. Maybe they're out there. There's my.
Documentarys. I dunno know, here's the thing. I don't know. Like,
I don't know how my computer works. I don't know. But how do you know.
Anything then? Who constructs? How do you know anything? A lot of, you know,
a lot of, but.
Know. But if somebody wanted to argue with.
Me about the components and how they worked on a, a laptop,
I would have to look, go, wow, you're probably right.
I'll have to talk to some computer engineer.
Who's gonna tell me the actual reality of it. I've talked to more than one.
I' seen to build buildings. I've.
Had 'em on my pocket. I'm sure. But I just can't believe that seen,
I seen all of the people that build buildings. Think it's an inside job.
If what.
If 90%? Okay. What if 90%? That would be pretty impressive. If,
if 90% that'd be pretty impressive. It was a, uh, uh, 50.
That would be impressive. Exactly. It's 50% would be impressive.
It's about in the nineties. I don't know if that's right.
So I don't know where you get in that number. I'm getting it.
From Richard gauge. Who's the head of.
Architects and engineers for nine 11 truths. Yeah. And.
A year they add another couple. I understand. But you know, that keep.
Adding, but he might be a little biased, right? I mean,
if he's the head of architects and engineers from nine 11 truth,
and he tells you that 90% of the architects and engineers out there think it's
an inside job. It might be a little biased.
I don't know if that's true and I don't think you do necessarily either.
I think we're, we're just guessing. I believe it.
All. I would love to.
See. I would love to see,
see an architect or an engineer that disagreed with him.
Talk to him about it and go over the data. Cuz until that happens,
I don't know what the they're talking about. No.
Nobody argues with him. Nobody.
De debates, but that's gotta be, there's gotta be someone who debunks that guy.
Everybody debunks everybody. No, they definitely.
A smear campaign. Are you kidding?
Right.
But is it a sear campaign pain or is it just that they're saying things that
he's saying that aren't correct. It's not.
Just him. He's just one. I understand. He's one of many it's common sense, dude.
It's maybe. Okay.
It's just like, right. But I don't know.
I don't know anything about making buildings and the only anything about what it
takes for a building to collapse. I don't know. Totally.
I don't know either. Maybe it got hot. I believe it. It's.
Not just hot. It's.
I believe diesel fires. I wanna believe all that.
Tanks of gas. I wanna believe in the basement.
I wanna believe that I wanna believe that fires made it hot and I don't wanna
believe they blew it up cuz that's, that's scary. I wonder,
I wanna believe the fire.
If a fire is in a basement and the fire has diesel fuel and it's burning
at some insane, but you in these, loads of diesel fuel down there.
<laugh> I wonder what effect that has. I don't know. Do you.
Uh,
I I'm pretty sure based on my life's experience that that's not gonna bring down
a building of a diesel fuel life experience based on common sense.
It's common sense that yeah. If a building, if,
if a building's gonna fall at free spot, fall speed, boom. Like that.
If a engineer after engineer, after engineer, at some point,
I'm gonna believe them at, at some point. I'm not.
Gonna, I understand Eddie, but I don't,
I don't know if you've necessarily looked into engineers that disagree.
Have you? I.
Know, I know there's a smear campaign theres. Okay.
But have you looked into the engineers that disagree? There's.
None. There's none. There's no doc, there's no documentary. There's gonna be,
there's no documentary, but a documentary find a documentary. If there is,
what about just article.
There? Do they have to make a documentary for it to make sense? What was that?
What if it's an article? What if it's a peer reviewed paper?
What if it's some sort of a, those.
Are all dude. That's a smear cam. There's that side.
There's the elite that don't want this out.
And then there's people trying to get the truth out.
So the elite have the control of the media. So what, how are you going to,
they have paid shields on you don't think you think that they dropped,
they would've dropped the ball big time.
Like Ernest bner in 1987 for the Browns. They would've dropped the ball.
If you're not. If you don't have paidhills online strategically,
uh, pushing the agenda. Come on. Okay. They're all are whatcha.
Pull on that. Jamie, what.
Are we about to pull up? There's a bunch of fake on him. What.
Jamie I'm lost.
I was, I was stuck on this, uh,
Richard gauge thing that I was trying to debunk to see if anybody's debunking
him. Uh, I'm looking at Twitter.
Are the engineer that care. Hold on, dont, talk him.
I'm looking around.
I'm just looking around the Boston globe article says that there's a small vocal
subset of people of engineers that are with this, uh, Richard gauge guy.
That's what I had read. I never read that. It was like some overwhelming number.
Just keep, keep sternm I'm digging. It's it's hard. Cause it's fun.
It's exciting.
It's excitinging to think that there's some sort of a Gigantical of super
geniuss that are run the world and they decided to blow up tower seven.
You know, what's.
Funny about the moon. tower seven, Jesus. Believe it or not.
I don't even talking about the U seven, you know, at all, you know or not,
you know, what's crazy about the moon. What is the hardest
ever accomplished? The greatest by the human race?
The greatest accomplishment ever was landing on the moon. Right? Right.
So you would think holy balls. I don't think it is no what? Listen. Okay.
Okay. But let's just at the time, at.
The time, think that internet is the.
Biggest. Okay. Okay. But I'm just talking about like a physical achievement,
three dudes, they got shot up in a rocket.
They were in a,
like a orbiter and then the orbitter shot out the lunar,
like the lamb. And then it lands, they played golf, went doom,
bug riding the donuts in the sand. They get take pictures. They get back in,
take off
dock with that orbiter and then back that's the hardest
ever. No one died. <laugh> and do, can you imagine,
can you imagine that second mission? Six months later, they did it again. When,
when they had to break the news that,
that they were gonna use different astronauts.
Cuz every mission they use different astronauts. Wouldn't you think they would.
Like a show? Like have the same star over and over now? No, the.
Three dudes have pulled it off. Keep.
Doing it. They dude, are you kidding? They did it before. Yeah,
but they don't wanna keep doing it. What if it you up? What if do it? What if,
what if, what.
Think Scott? What if they were planning on using buzz Aldrin and Neil Armstrong,
but they just got like egos and.
They started going to clubs and clocks and they were like, you know, coats.
They wanna renegotiate their track.
Cause they probably went to the moon for like, you know,
70,000 dollars<laugh> you know what I mean? They got that government check.
They go, we'll get you. They that they get you on the second album or,
or on the second? Uh, just like the record business. You know what I mean?
I bet you, the first album didn't even make that much. They of course say,
listen, we'll get you on that.
Second on the second and third landings spot <laugh>
do you know much money you're gonna make, you're gonna come back.
You're gonna be famous. You're gonna be doing all sorts of press.
Think about the. Think about the Coke, all that. Wow. They,
they probably got blown out and got too cocky and wanted to renegotiate.
Oh my and then NASA said, we just gotta go with some new dudes <laugh> they.
Made $8 per diem.
<laugh> when uncle Sam you raw dog. He uses sand.
Uncle Sam uses broken class on his Dick when.
He raw dogs. Think those guys went to the moon. <laugh>.
Why, why wouldn't you think they was the night? Once.
Come on that dude in the middle,
the dude in the middle dude in the middle didn't actually go to the moon was,
was hovering in an orbiter.
He was hovering in an orbiter and they landed some little piece of,
uh, lunar, Lander, the land. Right.
And then they took and they show the only time ever,
they got one shot of it taking off and whatever was filming it,
fall it all the way up. Yeah.
Like who was remote control on a timer. Yeah, no, no.
There was a live remote control.
That's what they said that they could control from, from earth, from Houston.
<laugh> for sure that works.
Dude. I could get my cell phone to.
Work on Laurel moon. The moon landings are so
ridiculous. Oh there's video of them.
Like just maybe a hundred thousand feet in the air and they're like filming it,
making it look, you know, they're manipulating. What the. Come on.
That video is strange. That's the damning. I've never seen anybody.
And.